# Web-Application-for-EU-Traffic-Regulations-Compliance-
This web-based application helps users comply to traffic regulations mandated by The European Union, primarily focusing on environmental zones. This web application seeks to raise awareness and trust in this scope, enabling users to make informed decisions when traveling and consider the environmental impacts of their vehicles. While it also provides general information about environmental zones, the application represents more than just a text repository or a presentation website. This software system includes modern technologies such as application programming interfaces (APIs), extensive database model and complex access validation algorithms, all available from the user’s account. These features are designed to offer an interactive experience, by introducing the possibility to register personal vehicles and use them in the route planning features. All the complex logic, data sets and algorithms are hidden behind the dynamic user interface, easily accessible from any web browser.
The development of this software system consists of three main parts. Firstly, the research on this topic highlights a number of aspects which are then improved by this application. For example, it covers the different complexities of multiple environmental zones throughout Europe. A key factor is to fit their evolving character, so that the information presented on the web application would be correct, up-to-date and organized in a concise manner. Secondly, developing a web-based application offers a number of advantages, such as accessibility, scalability and various technological resources. Different technical aspects must be taken into consideration, such as splitting the development between backend and frontend parts. This involves different programming languages or frameworks that must ensure communication between the user and the system. Finally, the extensive relational database model was designed to store relevant information about the environmental zones and the users.
